= vim-bundler

This gem provides a simple way to manage your vim bundles (aka plugins).
If you are familiar with ruby gem bundler - you are familar with vim-bundler.

== Requirements

git

== Quick start

Switch to your vimfiles directory (e.g +~/.vim+)
Initialize +vim_bundles+ config file 

  vbundle init

Put some lines in your +vim_bundles+ config file. For example:

  bundle 'snipmate', :git => 'git://github.com/msanders/snipmate.vim.git'
  bundle 'nerdtree', :git => 'git://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree.git'

Perform install action 

  vbundle install 

All you bundles will appear in +bundle+ dir.

After that you can clean your vimfiles directory from stale plugins

== Using different bundle sources

You can use use git sources as shown above and also it is possible to load scripts from www.vim.org
It can be done as following:

  bundle 'indexed-search', :vim_script_id => 7062

value of +vim_script_id+ can be found in download link. You also need to point location if
the script originally requires another location than +plugin+ 

== Updating bundles

It is quite easy

  vbundle update

Also you can update a specific plugin

  vbundle update snipmate

== Cleaning bundles

It is also easy enough

  vbundle clean

So you can clean a specific plugin

  vbundle clean snipmate

As you can see, every command might be proceeded for specific plugin (except +init+)

== Managing bundles using git modules

It might be useful to attach plugins as git modules (for example if you keep your vimfiles at github.com), to do so put this line in your +vim_bundles+

  use_git_submodules true

== Defining post actions

Sometimes it is usefull to do some actions after bundle installing or updating 

  bundle 'command-t', :git => 'git://github.com/vim-scripts/Command-T' do
    `rvm use system && cd ruby/command-t && /usr/bin/ruby extconf.rb && make clean && make && cd - && rvm use default`
  end

== Configuration options

There are some options that you can define in +vim_bundles+ file

  use_git_submodules (default: false)
  git_bin (default: 'git')
  vimrc_file (default: 'vimrc')
  vim_bin_path (default: '/usr/bin/vim')
  bundles_dir (default: 'bundle')

== Example

My +vim_bundles+ located here
https://github.com/vintikzzz/my-vim-files/blob/master/vim_bundles

== Contributing to vim-bundler
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Pavel Tatarsky. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

